Having the Internet is almost like having your own personal big city, complete with black market,in your own living room.   Almost every risk and reward available to the typical city dweller is available also through your computer.  You can buy all manner of things over the Internet, talk to people all over the world, and even make money over the web.  And although the dangers of the Internet may seem less than the dangers of the big city, they are real nonetheless.   The possibilities and pitfalls of the Internet are most apparent to those of us who make money on the Web.  Making money on the Web can be one of the most exciting, bizarre, difficult, and ultimately rewarding occupations that there is.

When I was broke, and living in a city with very little to offer in terms of job possibilities, I did almost everything I could think of to make money on the Web.  I spent hours and hours on craigslist cruising job postings.  For every one promising a way to make money in the real world through doing some traditional kind of work, there were at least three or four, and maybe more, that told you that they could help you to make money on the Web.  These jobs would range from the legitimate the bizarre.  Some of them would tell you that you can make money on the Web through something simple like writing reviews for products, or submitting freelance articles.  Some of these make money on the Web schemes, however, were much more strange.they would promise outrageous amounts of cash for something as simple as stuffing envelopes at home, combined with an initial investment of course.  They seemed like terrible and fantastic traps for the unwary or the desperate, and I admit that I almost fell into one of these thorny pits on more than one occasion.

If you want to make money on the Internet, your best use good judgment.  Anything that you would not trust from someone you ran into on a street, you should be doubly suspicious of if you see it on the web.  There are many people who think of the Internet as a fantastic place where the normal rules of commerce and communication do not apply, but in reality it is harder and not easier to make money on the Web than it is in the real world.There are more real-world jobs and jobs that make money on the Web, so you must always remember that if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.